README.md, before:

# vscode-glam

Code snippets for [glamorous](https://github.com/paypal/glamorous), [glamorous-native](https://github.com/robinpowered/glamorous-native) and [glamorous-primitives](https://github.com/nitin42/glamorous-primitives).

## Installation
This extension is currently not published on the VSCode Marketplace, so to install it, please clone the repo or download zip to local.

> **Windows** → `%USERPROFILE%\.vscode\extensions`

> **macOS/Linux** → `$HOME/.vscode/extensions`

## Supported languages (file extensions)
- [x] JavaScript
- [x] TypeScript
- [x] JavaScript React
- [x] TypeScript React

## Usage

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://g.recordit.co/Fs9SgnNLhl.gif"/>
</p>

## Snippets
Below is a list of all available snippets and the tab triggers of each one.

### glamorous

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| glama      | `const Component = glamorous.a({})` |
| glampa      | `const Component = glamorous.a((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div({})` |
| glampdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div((props) => ({}))` |
| glamspan      | `const Component = glamorous.span({})` |
| glampspan      | `const Component = glamorous.span((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh1      | `const Component = glamorous.h1({})` |
| glamph1      | `const Component = glamorous.h1((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh2      | `const Component = glamorous.h2({})` |
| glamph2      | `const Component = glamorous.h2((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh3      | `const Component = glamorous.h3({})` |
| glamph3      | `const Component = glamorous.h3((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh4      | `const Component = glamorous.h4({})` |
| glamph4      | `const Component = glamorous.h4((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh5      | `const Component = glamorous.h5({})` |
| glamph5      | `const Component = glamorous.h5((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh6      | `const Component = glamorous.h6({})` |
| glamph6      | `const Component = glamorous.h6((props) => ({}))` |
| glamp      | `const Component = glamorous.p({})` |
| glampp      | `const Component = glamorous.p((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcode      | `const Component = glamorous.code({})` |
| glampcode      | `const Component = glamorous.code((props) => ({}))` |
| glamabbr      | `const Component = glamorous.abbr({})` |
| glampabbr      | `const Component = glamorous.abbr((props) => ({}))` |
| glamaddress      | `const Component = glamorous.address({})` |
| glampaddress      | `const Component = glamorous.address((props) => ({}))` |
| glamb      | `const Component = glamorous.b({})` |
| glampb      | `const Component = glamorous.b((props) => ({}))` |
| glamblockquote      | `const Component = glamorous.blockquote({})` |
| glampblockquote      | `const Component = glamorous.blockquote((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcite     | `const Component = glamorous.cite({})` |
| glampcite     | `const Component = glamorous.cite((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdel      | `const Component = glamorous.del({})` |
| glampdel      | `const Component = glamorous.del((props) => ({}))` |
| glamem      | `const Component = glamorous.em({})` |
| glampem      | `const Component = glamorous.em((props) => ({}))` |
| glami     | `const Component = glamorous.i({})` |
| glampi     | `const Component = glamorous.i((props) => ({}))` |
| glamins      | `const Component = glamorous.ins({})` |
| glampins      | `const Component = glamorous.ins((props) => ({}))` |
| glampre      | `const Component = glamorous.pre({})` |
| glamppre      | `const Component = glamorous.pre((props) => ({}))` |
| glammark      | `const Component = glamorous.mark({})` |
| glampmark      | `const Component = glamorous.mark((props) => ({}))` |
| glammeter        | `const Component = glamorous.meter({})` |
| glampmeter        | `const Component = glamorous.meter((props) => ({}))` |
| glamprogress      | `const Component = glamorous.progress({})` |
| glampprogress      | `const Component = glamorous.progress((props) => ({}))` |
| glamq      | `const Component = glamorous.q({})` |
| glampq      | `const Component = glamorous.q((props) => ({}))` |
| glamrp      | `const Component = glamorous.rp({})` |
| glamprp      | `const Component = glamorous.rp((props) => ({}))` |
| glamruby      | `const Component = glamorous.ruby({})` |
| glampruby      | `const Component = glamorous.ruby((props) => ({}))` |
| glams      | `const Component = glamorous.s({})` |
| glamps      | `const Component = glamorous.s((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsamp      | `const Component = glamorous.samp({})` |
| glampsamp      | `const Component = glamorous.samp((props) => ({}))` |
| glamheader      | `const Component = glamorous.header({})` |
| glampheader      | `const Component = glamorous.header((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer({})` |
| glampfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer((props) => ({}))` |
| glamu      | `const Component = glamorous.u({})` |
| glampu      | `const Component = glamorous.u((props) => ({}))` |
| glamform      | `const Component = glamorous.form({})` |
| glampform      | `const Component = glamorous.form((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtextarea      | `const Component = glamorous.textarea({})` |
| glamptextarea      | `const Component = glamorous.textarea((props) => ({}))` |
| glambutton      | `const Component = glamorous.button({})` |
| glampbutton      | `const Component = glamorous.button((props) => ({}))` |
| glamselect     | `const Component = glamorous.select({})` |
| glampselect     | `const Component = glamorous.select((props) => ({}))` |
| glamoptgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.optgroup({})` |
| glampoptgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.optgroup((props) => ({}))` |
| glamoption      | `const Component = glamorous.option({})` |
| glampoption      | `const Component = glamorous.option((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlabel      | `const Component = glamorous.label({})` |
| glamplabel      | `const Component = glamorous.label((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfieldset      | `const Component = glamorous.fieldset({})` |
| glampfieldset      | `const Component = glamorous.fieldset((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlegend      | `const Component = glamorous.legend({})` |
| glamplegend      | `const Component = glamorous.legend((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimg      | `const Component = glamorous.img({})` |
| glampimg      | `const Component = glamorous.img((props) => ({}))` |
| glammap     | `const Component = glamorous.map({})` |
| glampmap     | `const Component = glamorous.map((props) => ({}))` |
| glamarea      | `const Component = glamorous.area({})` |
| glamparea      | `const Component = glamorous.area((props) => ({}))` |
| glamnav      | `const Component = glamorous.nav({})` |
| glampnav      | `const Component = glamorous.nav((props) => ({}))` |
| glamul      | `const Component = glamorous.ul({})` |
| glampul      | `const Component = glamorous.ul((props) => ({}))` |
| glamli      | `const Component = glamorous.li({})` |
| glampli      | `const Component = glamorous.li((props) => ({}))` |
| glamol      | `const Component = glamorous.ol({})` |
| glampol      | `const Component = glamorous.ol((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdl      | `const Component = glamorous.dl({})` |
| glampdl      | `const Component = glamorous.dl((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdt      | `const Component = glamorous.dt({})` |
| glampdt      | `const Component = glamorous.dt((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdd      | `const Component = glamorous.dd({})` |
| glampdd      | `const Component = glamorous.dd((props) => ({}))` |
| glammenu      | `const Component = glamorous.menu({})` |
| glampmenu      | `const Component = glamorous.menu((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtable      | `const Component = glamorous.table({})` |
| glamptable      | `const Component = glamorous.table((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcaption      | `const Component = glamorous.caption({})` |
| glampcaption      | `const Component = glamorous.caption((props) => ({}))` |
| glamth      | `const Component = glamorous.th({})` |
| glampth      | `const Component = glamorous.th((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtr      | `const Component = glamorous.tr({})` |
| glamptr      | `const Component = glamorous.tr((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtd      | `const Component = glamorous.td({})` |
| glamptd      | `const Component = glamorous.td((props) => ({}))` |
| glamthead      | `const Component = glamorous.thead({})` |
| glampthead      | `const Component = glamorous.thead((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtbody      | `const Component = glamorous.tbody({})` |
| glamptbody      | `const Component = glamorous.tbody((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtfoot      | `const Component = glamorous.tfoot({})` |
| glamptfoot      | `const Component = glamorous.tfoot((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcol      | `const Component = glamorous.col({})` |
| glampcol      | `const Component = glamorous.col((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcolgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.colgroup({})` |
| glampcolgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.colgroup((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div({})` |
| glampdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsub      | `const Component = glamorous.sub({})` |
| glampsub      | `const Component = glamorous.sub((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtime      | `const Component = glamorous.time({})` |
| glamptime      | `const Component = glamorous.time((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdata      | `const Component = glamorous.datalist({})` |
| glampdata      | `const Component = glamorous.datalist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamout      | `const Component = glamorous.output({})` |
| glampout      | `const Component = glamorous.output((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer({})` |
| glampfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer((props) => ({}))` |
| glammain      | `const Component = glamorous.main({})` |
| glampmain      | `const Component = glamorous.main((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsection      | `const Component = glamorous.section({})` |
| glampsection      | `const Component = glamorous.section((props) => ({}))` |
| glamarticle      | `const Component = glamorous.article({})` |
| glamparticle      | `const Component = glamorous.article((props) => ({}))` |
| glamaside      | `const Component = glamorous.aside({})` |
| glampaside      | `const Component = glamorous.aside((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdetails      | `const Component = glamorous.details({})` |
| glampdetails      | `const Component = glamorous.details((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdialog      | `const Component = glamorous.dialog({})` |
| glampdialog      | `const Component = glamorous.dialog((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsummary      | `const Component = glamorous.summary({})` |
| glampsummary      | `const Component = glamorous.summary((props) => ({}))` |

### glamorous-native

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| glamtext      | `const Component = glamorous.text({})` |
| glamptext      | `const Component = glamorous.text((props) => ({}))` |
| glamview      | `const Component = glamorous.view({})` |
| glampview      | `const Component = glamorous.view((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image({})` |
| glampimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image((props) => ({}))` |
| glamflat      | `const Component = glamorous.flatlist({})` |
| glampflat      | `const Component = glamorous.flatlist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlist      | `const Component = glamorous.listview({})` |
| glamplist      | `const Component = glamorous.listview((props) => ({}))` |
| glamscroll      | `const Component = glamorous.scrollview({})` |
| glampscroll      | `const Component = glamorous.scrollview((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsection      | `const Component = glamorous.sectionlist({})` |
| glampsection      | `const Component = glamorous.sectionlist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamhighlight      | `const Component = glamorous.touchablehighlight({})` |
| glamphighlight      | `const Component = glamorous.touchablehighlight((props) => ({}))` |
| glamnative    | `const Component = glamorous.touchablenativefeedback({})` |
| glampnative    | `const Component = glamorous.touchablenativefeedback((props) => ({}))` |
| glamopacity      | `const Component = glamorous.touchableopacity({})` |
| glampopacity      | `const Component = glamorous.touchableopacity((props) => ({}))` |
| glaminput      | `const Component = glamorous.textinput({})` |
| glampinput      | `const Component = glamorous.textinput((props) => ({}))` |

### glamorous-primitives

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| glamtext     | `const Component = glamorous.text({})` |
| glamptext     | `const Component = glamorous.text((props) => ({}))` |
| glamview      | `const Component = glamorous.view({})` |
| glampview      | `const Component = glamorous.view((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image({})` |
| glampimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image((props) => ({}))` |

### NOTE

This extension is based on a fork of [vscode-glamorous](https://github.com/nitin42/vscode-glamorous).

Thanks to [nitin34](https://github.com/nitin42)! 🙏

Commit message:

Update README to explain the glam and glamp differences

README.md, after:

# vscode-glam

Code snippets for [glamorous](https://github.com/paypal/glamorous), [glamorous-native](https://github.com/robinpowered/glamorous-native) and [glamorous-primitives](https://github.com/nitin42/glamorous-primitives).

## Installation
This extension is currently not published on the VSCode Marketplace, so to install it, please clone the repo or download zip to local.

> **Windows** → `%USERPROFILE%\.vscode\extensions`

> **macOS/Linux** → `$HOME/.vscode/extensions`

## Supported languages (file extensions)
- [x] JavaScript
- [x] TypeScript
- [x] JavaScript React
- [x] TypeScript React

## Usage

Start to type `glam`, autocompletion suggest to you all glam snippets.

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://g.recordit.co/Fs9SgnNLhl.gif"/>
</p>

## Snippets

All snippet start with `glam…` (like `glamview`) and has its enhanced version starting with `glamp…` (like glampview). 

This enhanced version adds an arrow function with props for conditional styles.

### glamorous

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |-------------|
| glama      | `const Component = glamorous.a({})` |
| glampa      | `const Component = glamorous.a((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div({})` |
| glampdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div((props) => ({}))` |
| glamspan      | `const Component = glamorous.span({})` |
| glampspan      | `const Component = glamorous.span((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh1      | `const Component = glamorous.h1({})` |
| glamph1      | `const Component = glamorous.h1((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh2      | `const Component = glamorous.h2({})` |
| glamph2      | `const Component = glamorous.h2((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh3      | `const Component = glamorous.h3({})` |
| glamph3      | `const Component = glamorous.h3((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh4      | `const Component = glamorous.h4({})` |
| glamph4      | `const Component = glamorous.h4((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh5      | `const Component = glamorous.h5({})` |
| glamph5      | `const Component = glamorous.h5((props) => ({}))` |
| glamh6      | `const Component = glamorous.h6({})` |
| glamph6      | `const Component = glamorous.h6((props) => ({}))` |
| glamp      | `const Component = glamorous.p({})` |
| glampp      | `const Component = glamorous.p((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcode      | `const Component = glamorous.code({})` |
| glampcode      | `const Component = glamorous.code((props) => ({}))` |
| glamabbr      | `const Component = glamorous.abbr({})` |
| glampabbr      | `const Component = glamorous.abbr((props) => ({}))` |
| glamaddress      | `const Component = glamorous.address({})` |
| glampaddress      | `const Component = glamorous.address((props) => ({}))` |
| glamb      | `const Component = glamorous.b({})` |
| glampb      | `const Component = glamorous.b((props) => ({}))` |
| glamblockquote      | `const Component = glamorous.blockquote({})` |
| glampblockquote      | `const Component = glamorous.blockquote((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcite     | `const Component = glamorous.cite({})` |
| glampcite     | `const Component = glamorous.cite((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdel      | `const Component = glamorous.del({})` |
| glampdel      | `const Component = glamorous.del((props) => ({}))` |
| glamem      | `const Component = glamorous.em({})` |
| glampem      | `const Component = glamorous.em((props) => ({}))` |
| glami     | `const Component = glamorous.i({})` |
| glampi     | `const Component = glamorous.i((props) => ({}))` |
| glamins      | `const Component = glamorous.ins({})` |
| glampins      | `const Component = glamorous.ins((props) => ({}))` |
| glampre      | `const Component = glamorous.pre({})` |
| glamppre      | `const Component = glamorous.pre((props) => ({}))` |
| glammark      | `const Component = glamorous.mark({})` |
| glampmark      | `const Component = glamorous.mark((props) => ({}))` |
| glammeter        | `const Component = glamorous.meter({})` |
| glampmeter        | `const Component = glamorous.meter((props) => ({}))` |
| glamprogress      | `const Component = glamorous.progress({})` |
| glampprogress      | `const Component = glamorous.progress((props) => ({}))` |
| glamq      | `const Component = glamorous.q({})` |
| glampq      | `const Component = glamorous.q((props) => ({}))` |
| glamrp      | `const Component = glamorous.rp({})` |
| glamprp      | `const Component = glamorous.rp((props) => ({}))` |
| glamruby      | `const Component = glamorous.ruby({})` |
| glampruby      | `const Component = glamorous.ruby((props) => ({}))` |
| glams      | `const Component = glamorous.s({})` |
| glamps      | `const Component = glamorous.s((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsamp      | `const Component = glamorous.samp({})` |
| glampsamp      | `const Component = glamorous.samp((props) => ({}))` |
| glamheader      | `const Component = glamorous.header({})` |
| glampheader      | `const Component = glamorous.header((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer({})` |
| glampfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer((props) => ({}))` |
| glamu      | `const Component = glamorous.u({})` |
| glampu      | `const Component = glamorous.u((props) => ({}))` |
| glamform      | `const Component = glamorous.form({})` |
| glampform      | `const Component = glamorous.form((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtextarea      | `const Component = glamorous.textarea({})` |
| glamptextarea      | `const Component = glamorous.textarea((props) => ({}))` |
| glambutton      | `const Component = glamorous.button({})` |
| glampbutton      | `const Component = glamorous.button((props) => ({}))` |
| glamselect     | `const Component = glamorous.select({})` |
| glampselect     | `const Component = glamorous.select((props) => ({}))` |
| glamoptgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.optgroup({})` |
| glampoptgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.optgroup((props) => ({}))` |
| glamoption      | `const Component = glamorous.option({})` |
| glampoption      | `const Component = glamorous.option((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlabel      | `const Component = glamorous.label({})` |
| glamplabel      | `const Component = glamorous.label((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfieldset      | `const Component = glamorous.fieldset({})` |
| glampfieldset      | `const Component = glamorous.fieldset((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlegend      | `const Component = glamorous.legend({})` |
| glamplegend      | `const Component = glamorous.legend((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimg      | `const Component = glamorous.img({})` |
| glampimg      | `const Component = glamorous.img((props) => ({}))` |
| glammap     | `const Component = glamorous.map({})` |
| glampmap     | `const Component = glamorous.map((props) => ({}))` |
| glamarea      | `const Component = glamorous.area({})` |
| glamparea      | `const Component = glamorous.area((props) => ({}))` |
| glamnav      | `const Component = glamorous.nav({})` |
| glampnav      | `const Component = glamorous.nav((props) => ({}))` |
| glamul      | `const Component = glamorous.ul({})` |
| glampul      | `const Component = glamorous.ul((props) => ({}))` |
| glamli      | `const Component = glamorous.li({})` |
| glampli      | `const Component = glamorous.li((props) => ({}))` |
| glamol      | `const Component = glamorous.ol({})` |
| glampol      | `const Component = glamorous.ol((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdl      | `const Component = glamorous.dl({})` |
| glampdl      | `const Component = glamorous.dl((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdt      | `const Component = glamorous.dt({})` |
| glampdt      | `const Component = glamorous.dt((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdd      | `const Component = glamorous.dd({})` |
| glampdd      | `const Component = glamorous.dd((props) => ({}))` |
| glammenu      | `const Component = glamorous.menu({})` |
| glampmenu      | `const Component = glamorous.menu((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtable      | `const Component = glamorous.table({})` |
| glamptable      | `const Component = glamorous.table((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcaption      | `const Component = glamorous.caption({})` |
| glampcaption      | `const Component = glamorous.caption((props) => ({}))` |
| glamth      | `const Component = glamorous.th({})` |
| glampth      | `const Component = glamorous.th((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtr      | `const Component = glamorous.tr({})` |
| glamptr      | `const Component = glamorous.tr((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtd      | `const Component = glamorous.td({})` |
| glamptd      | `const Component = glamorous.td((props) => ({}))` |
| glamthead      | `const Component = glamorous.thead({})` |
| glampthead      | `const Component = glamorous.thead((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtbody      | `const Component = glamorous.tbody({})` |
| glamptbody      | `const Component = glamorous.tbody((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtfoot      | `const Component = glamorous.tfoot({})` |
| glamptfoot      | `const Component = glamorous.tfoot((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcol      | `const Component = glamorous.col({})` |
| glampcol      | `const Component = glamorous.col((props) => ({}))` |
| glamcolgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.colgroup({})` |
| glampcolgroup      | `const Component = glamorous.colgroup((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div({})` |
| glampdiv      | `const Component = glamorous.div((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsub      | `const Component = glamorous.sub({})` |
| glampsub      | `const Component = glamorous.sub((props) => ({}))` |
| glamtime      | `const Component = glamorous.time({})` |
| glamptime      | `const Component = glamorous.time((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdata      | `const Component = glamorous.datalist({})` |
| glampdata      | `const Component = glamorous.datalist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamout      | `const Component = glamorous.output({})` |
| glampout      | `const Component = glamorous.output((props) => ({}))` |
| glamfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer({})` |
| glampfooter      | `const Component = glamorous.footer((props) => ({}))` |
| glammain      | `const Component = glamorous.main({})` |
| glampmain      | `const Component = glamorous.main((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsection      | `const Component = glamorous.section({})` |
| glampsection      | `const Component = glamorous.section((props) => ({}))` |
| glamarticle      | `const Component = glamorous.article({})` |
| glamparticle      | `const Component = glamorous.article((props) => ({}))` |
| glamaside      | `const Component = glamorous.aside({})` |
| glampaside      | `const Component = glamorous.aside((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdetails      | `const Component = glamorous.details({})` |
| glampdetails      | `const Component = glamorous.details((props) => ({}))` |
| glamdialog      | `const Component = glamorous.dialog({})` |
| glampdialog      | `const Component = glamorous.dialog((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsummary      | `const Component = glamorous.summary({})` |
| glampsummary      | `const Component = glamorous.summary((props) => ({}))` |

### glamorous-native

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| glamtext      | `const Component = glamorous.text({})` |
| glamptext      | `const Component = glamorous.text((props) => ({}))` |
| glamview      | `const Component = glamorous.view({})` |
| glampview      | `const Component = glamorous.view((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image({})` |
| glampimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image((props) => ({}))` |
| glamflat      | `const Component = glamorous.flatlist({})` |
| glampflat      | `const Component = glamorous.flatlist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamlist      | `const Component = glamorous.listview({})` |
| glamplist      | `const Component = glamorous.listview((props) => ({}))` |
| glamscroll      | `const Component = glamorous.scrollview({})` |
| glampscroll      | `const Component = glamorous.scrollview((props) => ({}))` |
| glamsection      | `const Component = glamorous.sectionlist({})` |
| glampsection      | `const Component = glamorous.sectionlist((props) => ({}))` |
| glamhighlight      | `const Component = glamorous.touchablehighlight({})` |
| glamphighlight      | `const Component = glamorous.touchablehighlight((props) => ({}))` |
| glamnative    | `const Component = glamorous.touchablenativefeedback({})` |
| glampnative    | `const Component = glamorous.touchablenativefeedback((props) => ({}))` |
| glamopacity      | `const Component = glamorous.touchableopacity({})` |
| glampopacity      | `const Component = glamorous.touchableopacity((props) => ({}))` |
| glaminput      | `const Component = glamorous.textinput({})` |
| glampinput      | `const Component = glamorous.textinput((props) => ({}))` |

### glamorous-primitives

| Tab trigger        | Content      |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| glamtext     | `const Component = glamorous.text({})` |
| glamptext     | `const Component = glamorous.text((props) => ({}))` |
| glamview      | `const Component = glamorous.view({})` |
| glampview      | `const Component = glamorous.view((props) => ({}))` |
| glamimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image({})` |
| glampimage      | `const Component = glamorous.image((props) => ({}))` |

### NOTE

This extension is based on a fork of [vscode-glamorous](https://github.com/nitin42/vscode-glamorous).

Thanks to [nitin34](https://github.com/nitin42)! 🙏
